hey everyone its blue-raspberry today
I'm bringing you a tutorial of sorts but
this is more of a safety lecture on
fusion reactors if you have had any
experience with them or have seen them
being played with you will have probably
seen somebody get electrocuted
now the superconductor wires that are
coming out of the fusion reactor are
extremely high voltage so much it's
millions of you you it's not even it's
not even funny
so it can leave people stranded where
their stuff is on the ground and this is
very expensive stuff mind you and they
can't get to it so I've got a little
trick for you to be able to kind of
bypass that and get your stuff back it's
a very good thing to have around all
your fusion reactors just in case you
get too close but I'm also going to show
you a few examples in case you haven't
seen it happen to a couple different
power armors first off will be the
ultimate suit with the ultimate hybrid
solar panel helmet and the grab chest
plate the second is a new set if you're
playing the ultimate pack it's called
power armor it uses this table right
here I will be putting it on shortly and
show you a few the upgrades that I'm
using in it and then show you what
happens so just you know more
informational for ya there
so let's go ahead and get started then
ok so as you can see here I've got my
power armor on if you click through here
I've put in the battery about half way I
have put a full strength energy shield
let's see I've got the solar generator
so I I can highlight over this but I
just kind of wanted to show you this
really quickly so it's actually got very
strong shields there it's a very good
set of armor
and I'm gonna go ahead and show you what
happens it's gonna be quite funny
actually and well uh so let me go ahead
and clean this up and I'll be right back
now that I've got that cleaned up I'm
gonna go ahead and show you what happens
with the grab suit the power armor
itself is pretty strong but this is
supposed to be some of the best armor in
the game and you'll see it pretty much
right away boom now think about it this
way what if you had this but it was in a
hole instead of being up above in the
air which is probably the best way to
have your fusion reactors so that you
can reach it without fear of touching
any of these wires well you'd have this
all right near it and you can't get back
to it so you're thinking huh what can I
do I'm stuck without my stuff this is
very expensive things that you know
especially if you've worked really hard
to get the iridium that you've got well
the answer is the hazmat suit I'm gonna
go ahead and load it like so and I'm
gonna show you this as you can see I am
taking damage but I can safely jump
around and collect my things without
fear of dying mind you you do need the
whole suit on because watch as I take
the helmet off death
so there you have it it's very simple
mind you even though these also have
damage on them now they will still work
I've tested it before so if you're ever
working with a fusion reactor the best
thing to have is a hazmat suit because
it will absorb the electricity that is
being shot through you and shot through
these wires and it is just very very
helpful to have so there you have it the
hazmat suit the perfect solution to your
electrocution problems I hope that you
enjoyed this video that you found it
helpful in some way and once again
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time